---
title: Forge Lexington
date: 2009-09-02 00:00:00 Z
layout: post
---
 
<p>Last Wednesday, Awesome Inc attended the second Forge Lexington event at Silvacola Farm, hosted by Lyle Hannah and his wife. For those who are not familiar with Forge Lexington, it is a networking event designed to bring together investors and entrepreneurs in the Lexington area.</p>
<p>The Silvacola Farm provided a nice relaxed setting to enjoy cocktails, excellent food, and priceless networking time with some of the most accomplished and esteemed individuals in the Bluegrass. The Forge community is represented by a wide diversity of individuals ranging from first time business owners to seasoned professionals.<br/><br/>Networking and great food aside, Forge invites a guest speaker to each event to give a brief talk about their achievements in business. For this event, Drew Curtis the founder of <a href="http://www.fark.com/" target="blank">Fark.com</a> was invited to speak. Curtis is the author of the Amazon bestseller, It&rsquo;s<em> Not News, It&rsquo;s FARK: How Mass Media Tries to Pass off Crap as News.</em> <br/><br/>Fark.com is a news aggregator and an edited social networking news site. According to the site, it receives 2,000 or so news submissions daily from its readership. The site was the first indieblogs to earn one million dollars a year in profit. Curtis has been featured in <em>Business 2.0</em> and similar publications highlighting his success and accomplishments. <br/><br/>Despite the huge success of Fark.com, Curtis to this day lives and runs his business from Lexington, Ky. Curtis explained the cost benefit of living and working in Lexington versus relocating to the Valley or similar communities. Drew explained the importance of the community and its relaxed culture that surrounds business startups. He talked about the absence of this notion to &ldquo;hurry up and fail&rdquo; so that you can move on to your next venture. The culture in the Bluegrass allows you to take your time and grow your business at a much more relaxed pace. <br/><br/>Curtis went on to explain that Lexington really isn&rsquo;t as disconnected as people claim. If he were to receive a call at 7:30 one evening he could realistically be on the West Coast by the next morning for a meeting. The low cost of living in Lexington allows him to expand at a much greater rate for significantly less money. <br/><br/>Overall, one can conclude that the Bluegrass is a great place to start and maintain a business. The low cost of living and demand for innovative jobs allow entrepreneurs to expand their businesses and prosper much quicker than in most other regions of the country. <br/><br/>Forge Lexington truly is a unique gathering of entrepreneurs, investors, innovators, thought leaders and supporters of the entrepreneurial ecosystem. I urge any entrepreneurs or investors reading this blog to attend the next Forge event to discover its true value and worth.</p>
