---
title: AwesomeCamp Beta Launch - A Nod to Fons
date: 2010-08-03 00:00:00 Z
layout: post
---
 
<p>Okay, so yesterday was the first official full-blown day of AwesomeCamp, and while it was even better than I imagined it to be, I have to give a nod to the guy that actually did a beta-AwesomeCamp week a couple weeks ago before I start posting about the details and the experience of this week.</p>
<p>As I was sharing the concept of AwesomeCamp with <a href="http://www.facebook.com/#!/profile.php?id=1197090043&amp;ref=ts" target="_blank">Aaron Fons</a> of<a href="http://befresh.us/" target="_blank">Fresh</a> he was dissappointed to find out that it was going to be held exactly one week from the day that he would be leaving for Washington, DC to go work for IBM for the fall. He really wanted to have the intense experience and rapid growth that AwesomeCamp offered, and I honestly needed to get some basic experience regarding how to actually conduct a week&rsquo;s worth of mentored guidance so I agreed to give him my attention for the week of July 19-24. I learned the following things from this experience:</p>
<ul><li>It is important for me to <strong>DO </strong>as little as possible.
<ul><li>I often would want to jump in and &lsquo;help&rsquo; Aaron by doing things for him that I already knew how to do and enjoyed thoroughly. This ended up robbing him of the opportunity to actually learn the skill (and gain confidence in his ability to learn other skills) and so I battled the urge with increasing success throughout the week. My greatest success I think being his setting up of a free phone-automation account via phonebooth.com (he said, &ldquo;Hey, we need a phone line for the business&rdquo; I said &ldquo;phonebooth.com is a simple, free, and adequate solution - go sign up for an account and set everything up. Let me know if you get stuck.&rdquo; - end of mentorship session on 'How to Set Up a Phone Line for Your Business&rsquo;)</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Simple is important and <strong>really </strong>difficult
<ul><li>There are three rules of AwesomeCamp 1. Schedule 2. Attitude &amp; 3. Simple. I will go into details about these in the future, but for now I just want to say that helping Aaron (and almost any entrepreneur I talk to) keep their lists short and their focus clear is the hardest thing and takes wisdom, courage, and maturity that many times I would not have were I not responsible for providing it to Aaron.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>The benefits of AwesomeCamp are about the experience and the relationships - not necessarily the business progress.
<ul><li>Fresh made more progress during the six days of AwesomeCamp than it had made in the previous six weeks&hellip;but who cares? So our business now has 3-4 months worth of progress behind it (assuming that the AwesomeCamp week was approximately as productive as the first 6 weeks) - that&rsquo;s not enough time and work to say 'Whew! Glad we&rsquo;re finished building a successful business now! What <strong>did</strong> happen that I am proud of and that I know will be something foundational to Fresh&rsquo;s success in the long term is the attitude, skillset, thought process, and habits that I helped ingrain in Aaron ('Fons&rsquo;) during the week.</li>
<li>Secondly, and more importantly, we got really close and had a great time as friends. Because the single biggest contributor to happiness and the single largest impact on our behavior are both the people that we surround ourselves with, our friendship and it&rsquo;s foundation in the business that we are building together (with it&rsquo;s core values being central to that business) will be the main thing that keeps Fons, myself, and every other <a href="http://freshmen.posterous.com/23592305" target="_blank">FreshMan</a> motivated &amp; enjoying the long road of building a sustainable enterprise that lays ahead. Those friendships make it worth pursuing more than anything else, and that&rsquo;s what AwesomeCamp (Beta) taught be more than anything else.</li>
</ul></li>
</ul><p>So, to my business partner, and fellow FreshMan, Fons - thanks for teaching me what will be necessary to make this first &ldquo;real&rdquo; week of AwesomeCamp a big success thus far, and thanks for&hellip;well&hellip;being my friend.</p>
