---
title: How Richard Branson bought an island...in his 20’s...for 93% off...
date: 2011-09-20 00:00:00 Z
layout: post
---
 
<p><strong>Part 1 – Commitment – Getting in the Door</strong></p>
<p>If you&rsquo;re wondering why you haven&rsquo;t achieved huge entrepreneurial success, despite following all the rules and doing everything &ldquo;right&rdquo;, my guess is that it&rsquo;s because you probably haven&rsquo;t asked for it.</p>
<p>You haven&rsquo;t stepped out there and asked for a huge order from a potential new customer, tried to sign up a premier supplier, gone up to that wealthy investor to ask for funding, or, as Sir Richard Branson did in his 20&rsquo;s, make an offer on a piece of real estate that&rsquo;s twenty five times more expensive than you can afford. However, it&rsquo;s only through asking that you ultimately get that customer, that supplier, that investor&hellip;or that Caribbean Island.</p>
<p>In this three part series we&rsquo;ll see what we can learn about how to &lsquo;ask big&rsquo; the right way from the story of Richard&rsquo;s purchase of Necker Island over 30 years ago, and from personal examples of my own entrepreneurial journey.</p>
<p>It&rsquo;s 1978 and Richard Branson is 28 years old. It&rsquo;s been seven years since he opened his first record shop on Oxford street in downtown London and things are going well. He hears that some of the British Virgin Islands are for sale so he jumps on a jet and heads out there to check them out.</p>
<p>Stop.</p>
<p>There&rsquo;s a lesson for us to learn here already:</p>
<p><strong>Lesson #1: If you&rsquo;re going to ask for something and expect to be heard, you have to put yourself in the right place. This takes commitment.</strong></p>
<p>Getting in the door is hard - you can&rsquo;t do it by timidly sticking your toe in there – you have to knock and knock and knock and when you get a crack you have to stand in the doorway with your whole body.</p>
<p>If Richard had heard about the availability of the islands, looked them up in a magazine, and called a couple owners to see if they would work with him on the price, do you think they would have given him the time of day? Of course not.</p>
<p><strong>What is Richard Branson Teaching Us?</strong></p>
<p>Without hesitation, Richard flew across the second largest body of water on earth to go check these islands out. That&rsquo;s several days and several hundred dollars worth of commitment just to see if he was interested. It also put him in a position where he could make a phone call to the owners and say &ldquo;I flew out to your island and looked over it thoroughly. I&rsquo;d like to discuss it with you.&rdquo; That will get a seller&rsquo;s attention..</p>
<p>Similarly, if you want to do business with Coca-Cola you can&rsquo;t send them an email and expect a positive response, or probably a response at all.</p>
<p>A good rule of thumb when trying to decide if you&rsquo;re putting yourself in the right place or not: If it takes less than an hour of your time to prepare for and make the ask (i.e. phone call, letter, email) then that means it&rsquo;s just as easy for someone else to do the same, so think outside the box. Spend the money and time necessary to put yourself in a position where you&rsquo;ll be heard. Be committed to it.</p>
<p><strong>My Story: Getting in the Door at Facebook</strong></p>
<p>I started a small company that exchanged textbooks at local universities while I was in college. In 2006, when Facebook was only a couple years old (we were about the same age), and was only expanding one university campus at a time (a strategy we were employing as well) we wanted to get acquired by Facebook.</p>
<p>We were a tiny company compared to Facebook so we knew that we&rsquo;d have to do something drastic to actually talk to someone there and really be listened to. We spent weeks trying to find friends of friends or connections of some kind to someone that worked at Facebook.</p>
<p>I finally found the blog of someone there. He was the product manager for Facebook mobile - the first version of Facebook on your cellular phone. I called him out of the blue and told him I would be in town for a conference and wanted to meet him (the conference was about women entrepreneurs and it was free&hellip; and he was putting it on - it was just an excuse to go out there and not sound so obviously desperate).</p>
<p>Then our company proceeded to spend the next few weeks putting together screenshots of what our service would look like if integrated into Facebook so we could show him how smoothly it could work. I&rsquo;ll never forget sleeping in the university library through the night making these screenshots.</p>
<p>We then spent almost all the profit we had ever made to fly me out there, rent a car, etc. But I got face to face time with this Facebook employee. He listened to everything I had to say, and even though he told me that it would never be something that Facebook would be interested in, I got his attention and won his respect. Something I never would have done without all the commitment necessary to get and prepare for this meeting.</p>
<p>As a side note - this paid off later when I launched a series of mobile phone technology conferences, and guess who our keynote speaker was at all the conferences, talking about their experience with Facebook mobile?</p>
<p>What do you do once you actually get the opportunity to &ldquo;Ask Big&rdquo;? We&rsquo;ll go back to Richard&rsquo;s Necker Island story, and then to a story of one of my friends&rsquo; attempts at a million dollar deal with Samsung to answer that question in the next <a href="http://awesomeinc.org/Blog/how-richard-branson-bought-an-island-part-2" target="_blank">post</a>.</p>
