---
title: Flake Factor
date: 2011-11-11 00:00:00 Z
layout: post
---
 
<p>I&rsquo;ve already mentioned S:S in an <a href="http://awesomeinc.org/Blog/whats-your-ss-ratio" target="_blank">earlier post</a>, but what I didn&rsquo;t make clear was that Brian and I didn&rsquo;t come up with this metric until we had interacted with quite a few entrepreneurs. It took several interactions with lots of them to ultimately see this pattern. It was basically a &ldquo;what are character flaws that we see common to most of the people that we meet?&rdquo; kind of thing.</p>
<p>We thought that S:S would be an all-inclusive metric – the end-all be-all determinant of who we would and wouldn&rsquo;t want to do business with – but then we met Z (not his real name).</p>
<p>Z is a down to earth friendly guy that will literally not stop talking if you give him permission (seriously, I tried this once&hellip;spend basically a full day listening to him talk and there was no sign of him slowing down&hellip;so I gave up) and who is disgustingly talented. Seriously, he really knows what he&rsquo;s doing and he doesn&rsquo;t dress up what he has done. Put simply, his S:S is at least as low as mine, probably lower.</p>
<p>The problem is, he&rsquo;s flakier than Tony the Tiger himself. He couldn&rsquo;t show up on time to a meeting if the only reason it was called was to give him a million dollars and it was being held in his living room. Now I would vouch for Z&rsquo;s talent any day of the week&hellip;but I would rarely send any business his way and any business I would send his way would come with a very frank caveat about his reliability.</p>
<p>And so the &lsquo;FF&rsquo; or 'Flake Factor&rsquo; was born. The FF is the reliability of what you say you&rsquo;re going to do in the future. It is in sharp contrast to the S:S because the S:S relates to what you are currently doing and have already done and is something you on some level consciously are being misleading about. The FF, on the other hand, is simply due to a poor ability to <a href="http://awesomeinc.org/Blog/expectation-calibration" target="_blank">calibrate expectations</a>.</p>
<p>The FF is a more simple metric to grasp mathematically than the S:S as it is a single number between 1 and 100. The higher the number, the flakier the person. As in any quantitative system you need a standard against which you can measure other things, in this case it is the ZI or 'Z Index&rsquo;. Z&rsquo;s level of flakiness has an FF of 80. Any person flakier than Z has an FF higher and anyone lower has an FF lower than 80.</p>
<p>I (and most other people for that matter) do not want to do business with people that don&rsquo;t tell me the truth (S:S issues) or with people that, although honest, can&rsquo;t deliver on time or at all (FF&hellip;we actually asked Z to make Awesome Inc&rsquo;s logo&hellip;over six months before we launched. He said he&rsquo;d get back to us in 5 days&hellip;the next time I talked to him was at a wedding where I bumped into him&hellip;9 months later).</p>
<p>So, calibrate expectations and keep your FF low.</p>
