---
title: Do more, study less
date: 2011-11-01 00:00:00 Z
layout: post
---
 
<p>Think of a sport you know how to play. Now, assume I have never played this sport before and have exactly 5 hours to get as good at it as I possibly can? What would you tell me to do for the next 5 hours? Now keep in mind you want me to get good at the sport - as in, you would pick me to be on your team if we were playing a backyard game of &lsquo;x&rsquo;.</p>
<p>Now, I don&rsquo;t know what your answer would be exactly, but I doubt any of you would say, &ldquo;go read this book about the sport, or here&rsquo;s a class, etc.&rdquo; What you most likely would say would be some permutation of 'go play the sport&rsquo;. Given more than 5 hours (and perhaps even in as short of a timeframe as 5 hours) it would be a good idea to receive some actual coaching or read something or watch a short tutorial of some kind. But the majority of the actual skill you acquire will come from doing&hellip;actually all of the skill you acquire will come from actually doing. The purpose of the studying, coaching, etc. is to clarify what skill you need to physically work on.</p>
<p>One of the things that people fall into when learning any new skill is that they try to do it by studying instead of doing. They will read books on it, take classes, watch videos&hellip;but the fact is they are doing this in order to try to get good at actually <strong>executing</strong> the skills or acquiring the results of someone that has these skills. It&rsquo;s like reading about bodybuilding in order to get big muscles. It just doesn&rsquo;t happen. Now if you want to know for the sake of knowledge – sure, study the rules of basketball, muscle hypertrophy, ballet, etc. but if you actually want to acquire the skill, then go ahead and do it. This is why Nick Such (founder of Awesome Labs, AwesomeTouch, &amp; BuildingLayer) decided to <a href="http://nicksuch.wordpress.com/2011/08/16/what-matters-to-you-most-and-why/" target="_blank">work on his companies instead of spend two years learning how to work on companies at Stanford&rsquo;s Graduate School of Business</a>. People like to <a href="http://www.iwillteachyoutoberich.com/blog/we-love-to-debate-minutiae/" target="_blank">focus on minutia</a>and it&rsquo;s just another example of <a href="http://awesomeinc.org/Blog/planning-a-fear-based-excuse-for-doing-nothing" target="_blank">planning being a fear-based excuse for doing nothing</a>.</p>
<p>There is of course some happy percentage of doing/studying that fits and I&rsquo;m sure it&rsquo;s somewhat different for every skill and every person and even changes during different periods of your development&hellip;but I would surmise that it is NEVER more than 70:30 action:study and is probably much closer to 95:5 action:study. That means that in the 9.5-10 hours I you spend working every day, no more than 30 minutes should be spent to stop and read or 'study&rsquo; about how to become a better writer. 30 minutes max. The rest is just actually doing it.</p>
<p>So go and spend the next 5 hours doing something (take 15 minutes to get some advice from somebody that knows what they are doing). Who knows, maybe I&rsquo;ll pick you to play on my team ;)</p>
