---
title: “Advice and Feedback” Translation
date: 2011-10-25 00:00:00 Z
layout: post
---
 
<p>In 2008-2010 Brian and I were trying to raise money for the Awesome Inc Experience (a Y-Combinator-esque program focusing on mobile phone technology). We felt like we had everything in place to pull the trigger except funding. However, when you go up to a high net worth individual you typically can&rsquo;t just come out and say &ldquo;Hey I&rsquo;d like for you to invest in my company. Can we set up a meeting so I can give you my sales pitch?&rdquo; You can&rsquo;t do that because you haven&rsquo;t built trust. They don&rsquo;t know if you&rsquo;re going to respect their time, respect their wish to say no, consider what they care about before giving the pitch, etc. The very act of asking them to listen to your pitch without knowing anything about them would indicate that you won&rsquo;t respect their time in an actual sales pitch meeting because you have not respected their time and wishes by refusing to learn first what their interests are to see if they are even relevant to pitch to in the first place.</p>
<p>So what do we ask for instead? &ldquo;Advice and feedback.&rdquo; It costs them nothing but time (and because they are the one offering it, this can be as much or as little of their time as they choose) and it pays them a compliment by implying that you think they have something insightful to say. It also gives you an opportunity to get to know them a bit up front before actually setting up a meeting to see if it would even be worth both party&rsquo;s time to meet. If you give an elevator pitch and the person demonstrates a fundamental lack of understanding of what you&rsquo;re doing, then even if they are willing to offer you money, they won&rsquo;t be able to offer real insight, which turns out to be just as valuable in the long run.</p>
<p>When we were first trying to raise the round we really wanted this &lsquo;advice and feedback&rsquo; because we truly did want to know where we could sharpen our pitch. However, as we became familiar with our business&rsquo;s weaknesses and strengths and we integrated much of this into our deck, the marginal value of each person&rsquo;s advice and feedback diminished drastically. We proceeded to make little to no progress on actually closing investors and 'advice and feedback&rsquo; pretty directly translations of 'investment&rsquo;. It was and is hard not to get frustrated or discouraged about it. And often we&rsquo;d joke to each other about how much &ldquo;advice and feedback&rdquo; we were trying to raise from a particular investor, &ldquo;25,000 pieces or 50,000?&rdquo;</p>
<p>But we had to (and still must) stay patient and persistent and positive, because your next potential investor doesn&rsquo;t deserve that frustration (nobody does) and it hurts nobody but you to express it. Also, we&rsquo;ve spent enough time in the angel space to know that we&rsquo;re being plenty transparent with this whole 'advice and feedback&rsquo; thing&hellip;we are genuine about it in our requests and the investors often give it, but if the deal makes sense to them and looks like it will make money, then they won&rsquo;t hesitate to transition from feedback to asking about how they can get involved.</p>
<p>I&rsquo;ve only heard this concept acknowledged by one other person, and he sums it up pretty well. <a href="http://www.feld.com/wp/" target="_blank">Brad Feld</a>, in his new book &rsquo;<a href="http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0470929820/vglnk-c6-20" target="_blank">Venture Deals</a>&rsquo; says &ldquo;if you want money&hellip;by all means, please ask for advice.&rdquo;</p>
