---
title: Game recognize game
date: 2011-12-02 00:00:00 Z
layout: post
---
 
<p>Game recognize game&hellip; your parents used to say &ldquo;it takes one to know one&rdquo;, HR professionals say &ldquo;A players hire A players, B players hire C players, and C players hire losers&rdquo; all of them are permutations of the concept that &lsquo;like&rsquo; will both recognize and attract 'like&rsquo;.</p>
<p>At Awesome Inc our Team Alpha Captain Therese is an all-star A player. She conducts interviews and is the person that decides who does and doesn&rsquo;t get to join the team and if they do, in what capacity. I have complete faith in her intuition and her ability to recognize quality and the types of characteristics a person who would fit in and do well around here must have.</p>
<p>So go ahead and judge a book by its cover. It will save you a bunch of time and as long as you are paying attention to see which assumptions are incorrect you&rsquo;ll be able to correct as you go. Letting each person be a blank slate in every way and making no assumptions about their abilities, interests, personality, etc. would cause you to ultimately make some really stupid decisions.</p>
<p>&ldquo;Jeff is really unorganized. I think I&rsquo;ll put him in this secretary role though because I don&rsquo;t want to judge him and assume he&rsquo;s going to be bad at that.&rdquo; Jeff may end up being a rock star administrative assistant for some weird reason (i.e. he really takes organization seriously when it&rsquo;s someone else&rsquo;s life he&rsquo;s organizing) but the fact is that he&rsquo;s probably going to stink&hellip;.so don&rsquo;t put him there.</p>
<p>Again, trust your instincts and then (just as importantly) pay attention to OUTCOMES. This is pretty tough, because if Jeff has a messy desk but never drops a ball, responds quickly to emails, shows up to things on time, etc. then behind what looks chaotic is a system that apparently works. My business partner Brian&rsquo;s room looks like hell – but he knows where everything is and he doesn&rsquo;t drop balls in his personal or professional life.</p>
<p>This concept is really the same as the idea of just doing something. Deciding not to judge a book by its cover is like deciding to plan despite being aware of the uselessness of that plan and of the fact that just trying something out in the real world will get you there much faster. Sending a person that you think might be good at 'X&rsquo; because you 'judged&rsquo; them in a the first 5 minutes of an interview is not a bad thing. Actually it&rsquo;s great because it gets them moving and doing something right away. Now you just have to look at what&rsquo;s working and what&rsquo;s not working and adjust it accordingly. If you meet someone that&rsquo;s dressed weird and so you assume they are creative (an assumption I make a lot) and you put them on a project that you think requires creativity and they&rsquo;re terrible then ask them what they think the problem is, why it&rsquo;s not a good fit for them (or perhaps it would be with a slightly different environment) and then make the necessary adjustments.</p>
<p>Go ahead, judge a book by its cover&hellip;just make sure to open it quickly and read carefully at what it actually has to say&hellip;and trust that game will ultimately recognize game.</p>
