---
title: What's your S:S ratio?
date: 2011-11-08 00:00:00 Z
layout: post
---
 
<p>Your S:S ratio is what comes out of your mouth that is false : what comes out of your mouth that is true, expressed as a ratio that equals 100 (i.e. 40:60).</p>
<p>Often times as an entrepreneur, especially an ambitious one, you want to move and behave with more confidence than your past experience would say you deserve to have. If you don&rsquo;t do this, if you don&rsquo;t reach beyond where you currently are – for clients or contacts or employees that are &lsquo;out of your league&rsquo; - you&rsquo;ll never grow. So you have to at least at some level act 'bigger than you really are&rsquo;.</p>
<p>At the same time, your word is your bond. Your reputation for honesty is really important as well. You cannot survive in business without it, and even if you could, what man with even a shred of integrity would want to?</p>
<p>To err on either side of this overconfidence vs. complete honesty side is to screw up&hellip; and I want to write now about how many entrepreneurs just starting out get it wrong.</p>
<p>For a myriad of reasons, perhaps lack of experience, lack of a track record of successes, baggage from haters naysayers, they aren&rsquo;t congruent. They have yet to get comfortable with the discrepancy between where they are right now exactly and where they want to be&hellip;so they try to close the gap for those around them by embellishing their past accomplishments (&hellip;also known as 'being full of&hellip;stuff&rsquo;). They aren&rsquo;t sure what those around them think and they are concerned about it&hellip;mostly because they have doubts themselves if they are good enough, brave enough, smart enough, etc. to ultimately get where they say they want to go. So, just in case you are thinking what they are thinking – in case you see the glint of fear &amp; doubt in their eye – they want to make it clear up front that they know what they are doing, or have already even done it before, when in reality neither is true.</p>
<p>I know one entrepreneur that had two employees. When someone would ask him how many he had, he would say &ldquo;yeah we&rsquo;re actually a pretty small shop right now&hellip; there&rsquo;s less that 10 of us&rdquo;. Now, that&rsquo;s not lying&hellip;heck there may be a freelancer that he brings on from time to time for certain projects so on occasion there might be more than 2 employees&hellip;but &ldquo;3 or 4&rdquo; is not what people are thinking when you say &ldquo;less than 10&rdquo;. With that line of reasoning he might as well say &ldquo;less than 100&rdquo;.</p>
<p>Keep your S:S low. First, unless you are willing to tell a boldfaced out in left field lie, the small amount of exaggeration you are throwing out there is not going to impress them anywhere near the amount they are going to lose respect for you when they find out the truth. In this case 'the juice isn&rsquo;t worth the squeeze&rsquo;. Second, what you are bragging about probably doesn&rsquo;t actually matter anyway. Take my buddy&rsquo;s question about number of employees&hellip;who cares if he has 2 or 10 or 50 employees? If his profit margin on each of the 50 is $1 and the 2 person shop is $25 he&rsquo;s an idiot for being that terrible of a businessman in the first scenario and a relative stud in the second.</p>
<p>So keep your S:S low&hellip;and see <a href="http://awesomeinc.org/Blog/the-right-way-to-deal-with-your-ss" target="_blank">this article</a> on how to deal with the balance between being completely transparent and at the same time more confident than reality would indicate you&rsquo;re allowed to be.</p>
