---
title: Expectation Calibration
date: 2011-11-15 00:00:00 Z
layout: post
---
 
<p>You will most likely lose or break even when you raise people&rsquo;s expectations of your output, contribution, etc. If you set them challengingly high for yourself, then odds are you will either meet them or fall short, meaning you either offer an &lsquo;acceptable&rsquo; performance or one that is 'below expectations&rsquo;.</p>
<p>This is an easy trap to fall into (and I&rsquo;m the worst of almost anyone I know) because I have exceptionally high (read: unrealistic) expectations of myself, so when I communicate them to someone else who counts on me to meet those expectations in order to deliver on something, they are often disappointed and it ends up hurting my <a href="http://awesomeinc.org/Blog/flake-factor" target="_blank">FF</a> (flake factor).</p>
<p>The second reason you do this is because you want to win a person&rsquo;s business, or if you&rsquo;ve already won it you want to impress them. This is understandable too in the case of trying to win business, but the fact is that if you can&rsquo;t deliver on your promise you were better of not having that customer at all then getting them and then pissing them off. In the case where you&rsquo;re trying to impress someone you&rsquo;ve already convinced to do business with you&hellip;let me just provide you with a moment of patience, maturity, and common sense and say that people are much more impressed when the results of a project exceed their expectations than when they are just 'met&rsquo;.</p>
<p>And finally, you do this not to upset people&hellip;sure I&rsquo;d love to help! Glad to meet with you! No problem, I&rsquo;ll follow up! Of course I can make it! You just don&rsquo;t want to rock the boat&hellip;.but then you flake out and don&rsquo;t help, you blow off or push back that meeting, you don&rsquo;t follow up, and you show up 30 minutes late to the event and are never really present, even when you&rsquo;re physically there. It hurts a little bit when you tell someone you can&rsquo;t make it, won&rsquo;t do it, etc. But they can&rsquo;t be upset with you after that and they are rarely going to speak poorly of you because of it.</p>
