---
title: Startup Advantage speaker gives advice to entrepreneurs
date: 2011-01-12 00:00:00 Z
layout: post
---
 
<p>IN2LEX hosts the Startup Advantage lecture series the first Wednesday of the month. This month&rsquo;s speaker was Kelley Sloane, former VP of Marketing for Exstream Software.</p>
<p>Sloane received a computer science degree from UK and then spent the next seven years in Information Systems at GE Lighting in Cleveland, followed by nine years in various IT product management and marketing positions at another GE business and a couple of software businesses in the Washington D.C. area. After that she returned to Lexington to be VP of Marketing at Exstream. She was Director of Enterprise Software Marketing at Hewlett Packard for two years after they acquired Exstream. Then she started her own consulting business, Sloane Marketing.</p>
<p>Exstream was founded in 1998 by Davis Marksbury and Dan Kloiber. Their product was a single software system that allows large companies to create any type of mission-critical communication for their millions of customers (e.g. bills, statements, letters, etc.) in half the time it previously took, replacing many systems and processes, all while making each customer document completely personalized with relevant offers and messages. The customized document can then easily be delivered to customers according to their preferred channel, email, over the web, via mail, or all of the above. By 2008, the company had 500+ enterprise customers around the world, 314 employees, and close to 100 million dollars in annual revenue. Exstream was a privately held company, but it&rsquo;s rumored that HP acquired them for almost a billion dollars.</p>
<p>The relationship and uniquely compatible partnership Marksbury and Kloiber had was key in building Exstream&rsquo;s success. Exstream was their third company together. They did not fund Exstream with venture capital, but with their own money from the sale of their previous two companies. Since it was their money, they made sure it was spent with care, telling employees that asking for a nickel was equivalent to asking for a dollar. Also, many employees had stock options so were well-incented to ensure Exstream succeeded.</p>
<p>Another major contributor to Exstream&rsquo;s success was its total devotion to customer satisfaction. Marksbury and Kloiber had many successful customers from years in the industry with their first two companies, and several of those customers became Exstream early adopters. They didn&rsquo;t want to just sell to customers, they wanted customers to be so satisfied that they would become evangelists for the software. Sloane pointed out that the most important influencers on potential buyers are other customers, not marketing brochures or ads.</p>
<p>Sloane says, &ldquo;success doesn&rsquo;t happen overnight.&rdquo; Her advice is to focus on building strong relationships with customers, making them part of the solution, and staying focused on your objectives and core values. She also said to spend a lot of time up front planning and setting measurable goals, because &ldquo;you can&rsquo;t manage what you can&rsquo;t measure. Execution is a lot easier when you&rsquo;re organized.</p>
