---
title: Lexington Venture Club Annual Celebration
date: 2012-02-29 00:00:00 Z
layout: post
---
 
<p>On February 1, the Lexington Venture Club hosted its annual celebration at Buster’s Billiard and Backroom. At the event, the club celebrated 78 early stage companies that received funding and created jobs in 2011.</p>
<p>The first speaker of the night was University of Kentucky President Eli Capilouto, whose presentation highlighted the growth and increasing opportunities being made available in Lexington.</p>
<p>“You represent the future of Lexington and our country. The Wall Street Journal, in November, wrote about ten brain hub cities. The ones you expect were there, but Lexington was on that list of those cities that are creating mid level jobs. We bring together education and entrepreneurship,” Capilouto said in his presentation. “We create a wonderful hub and access here to make possible those dreams that you have into becoming a reality.”</p>
<p>Warren Nash, Director of the Lexington and Commercialization Center at the University of Kentucky, was more than pleased to report  that the 78 profiled companies received a combined $69 million in funding, employed 780 people, 605 of which are full time, paid an average salary of $65,651 and produced revenues of over $127 million in 2011.</p>
<p>“The state has supported us through all of this. Why is this important? The jobs, jobs this year increased,” Nash said.</p>
<p>To be exact, the jobs created by the 78 profiled companies in 2011 equate to 279 new hires, 182 of which are full time. This is a 16.2 percent increase from 2010.</p>
<p>Of the early-stage companies that were surveyed, three received footage in a video that was shown. They were Seikowave, Scout Diagnostics and SoJo Studios.</p>
<p>According to its website, <a href="http://seikowave.com/" target="_blank">Seikowave</a> is developing three dimensional imaging technologies targeted at healthcare, security and industrial applications. Applications include measuring parts for automobiles, inspecting the back of semiconductor wafers, providing controller-free gaming solutions and designing dental implants.</p>
<p>“The technology comes from the electrical engineering department at UK. Being in Lexington and being tied to UK gives us very good opportunities to finding the key people to support growth,” a Seikowave spokesperson said in the video.</p>
<p>The second company featured in the video, <a href="http://www.polarpointe.com/scoutdiagnostics/Home.aspx" target="_blank">Scout Diagnostics</a>, is developing measurement tools that will allow for the early determination of Alzheimer’s disease in patients.</p>
<p>Lastly, <a href="file:///C:/Users/Garrett/Documents/301swineunit.docx" target="_blank">Sojo Studios</a>  defines themselves as “An Entertainment Company with Social Purpose.” Sojo provides gaming for different social media mediums while offering a portion of profits to real world project funding such as to schools in Haiti and medical projects in America. This last year, Ellen DeGeneres and Justin Bieber became sponsors and investors.</p>
<p>“Our product gives users an opportunity to play and do real world good while they play. The possibilities are endless,” said Sojo Studios CFO, Mark Bunning.</p>
<p>In addition to the annual celebration, the Lexington Venture Club hosts five other events this year. The next event is March 21 at the Hyatt Regency. It’s networking events like these that Dean Harvey, Executive Director of the Von Allmen Center for Entrepreneurship, describes as being crucial to entrepreneurial success.</p>
<p>“I think it’s the developing of a network. All of a sudden you see what’s happening. I think it’s those networking things that really change it [for a business person]. Some entrepreneurs have an idea and they’re the ones that want to take their idea forward, some people don’t have an idea and they just want to be involved. All of those companies need teams, usually it’s not just one person,” Harvey said. “All of a sudden you start forming those teams and those networks and they expand. I think it just feeds itself.”</p>
<p>With Lexington now being brought up in the same conversation with some of the other heavy hitters in the start-up landscape, Harvey said that there is one thing that all of the locations have in common.</p>
<p>“I think with all those, you’re going to find a university in there. Not because it’s the only thing, but the reality is, you’re going to find a Stanford sitting the middle of Silicon Valley; MIT, Harvard and others in Boston. You’re going to find a UT in Austin,” Harvey said.</p>
<p>“I think part of it is the research, the student community and a lot of younger people, and they want to do things and the universities tend to support that kind of stuff. Usually, the communities around them are linked in pretty well with the university. There’s no secret, it’s just being aware, networking and encouraging it … If you look through the breadth of the companies [that were profiled at the celebration], there’s biotech stuff, there’s medical devises, there’s gaming, engineering things, manufacturing things. I think it’s very healthy to see that.”</p>
