---
title: Smart Social Media - The Principles of Running a Social Media Campaign
date: 2012-08-20 00:00:00 Z
layout: post
---
 
<p>Social media campaigns are of utmost importance for &ldquo;selling&rdquo; your brand in the digital age. Running a social media campaign can be a lot of work, but if you know what to aim for, the difficulty is not too high. There are a number of key goals that any social media campaign should strive for: engagement, relevance, and understanding.</p>
<p>Let&rsquo;s begin with <strong>engagement</strong>. Engaging your users lets you know that your social media campaign is working. Engagement occurs when people &ldquo;Like&rdquo; your status on Facebook, tweet about the post on Twitter, share your posts on Google Plus, check in to your business on Foursquare or any other myriad of interaction with your content. Even simple clicks that drive traffic to your site can provide some insight that your social media campaign will possibly lead to conversions. You can promote engagement by using hashtags, mentions, paid advertisements, among other things. You&rsquo;re more likely to get engagement through relevant content than unrelated content, as well. Your followers and fans are linked with you for a reason.</p>
<p>On that note, let&rsquo;s talk about<strong> relevance</strong>. This is the easy part of running a social media campaign. Don&rsquo;t publish junk. Don&rsquo;t publish opinions. Don&rsquo;t publish anything that doesn&rsquo;t support your goal. A social media campaign should strive for conversions, so anything that is not relevant and draws the attention and engagement of your target audience is a waste of time. While I&rsquo;m passionate about a number of social causes, I can&rsquo;t focus on those on the Awesome Inc Twitter because our current social media campaign strives for awareness of our organization within the startup, technical, entrepreneurial communities. We aim for and get the attention of VCs, SMB owners and techies alike through our SEO optimized content and targeted engagement strategies.</p>
<p>Finally, let&rsquo;s discuss <strong>understanding</strong>. Your company culture is what defines the eventual outcome of your product. It&rsquo;s a huge part of your brand and, as an extension, your work. Your culture will create a vision and public perception of your company. Promoting content that fits with and exposes your company culture will do your brand more good than any sly marketing ploy. The key is to show off who you, your brand, and the people who make that brand, are.</p>
<p>Your methods for covering these bases may need adjusting, but if continuously strive to engage, relate, and make your company culture understandable, you&rsquo;ll quickly figure those out on your own. Every case is different, so until you get it&hellip; Stay Awesome!</p>
