---
title: Why We're Not Running An Accelerator This Year
date: 2013-08-07 00:00:00 Z
layout: post
---
 
<p>Last year, we made a decision that we would significantly increase the scale of <a href="http://accelerator.awesomeinc.org/" target="_blank">Awesome Inc’s accelerator program</a> - or we would run no accelerator at all. This choice was made in order to operate in accordance with our own core values, particularly CV#2: Be Excellent. The criteria we set for ourselves were as follows:</p>
<ul><li>Attract over 100 startup teams (CHECK - 135 applicants)</li>
<li>Build a top-quality mentor network with over 60 mentors (CHECK - most are listed <a href="http://accelerator.awesomeinc.org/mentors.html" target="_blank">here</a>)</li>
<li>Raise $150k to cover the cost of 6 teams (FAIL)</li>
</ul><p>There are many possible causes for our failure to raise the required funding to run this year’s Awesome Inc accelerator program. We will explore those later, but for now we&rsquo;d like to let you in on what we are doing in place of the accelerator program, how it will positively affect the startup community, and how you can help.</p>
<h2 id="">The new plan</h2>
<p>There are three initiatives that we&rsquo;re undertaking to continue our mission to create and grow high tech startups in the region:</p>
<ol><li>Early Stage Investment: <a href="http://cherubfund.org/" target="_blank">The Cherub Fund</a> - There is plenty of money available in this region to support startups. However, we noticed a disconnect between the sources of money and the startups seeking the money. Fortunately, this corresponded to a missing piece for young entrepreneurs who wanted to make investments in other local startups, but aren&rsquo;t yet qualified to write big checks. Initially dubbed the &ldquo;tiny angel fund&rdquo;, the Cherub Fund will make a series of small investments at a consistent rate in promising startup teams. At this super early stage, the selection criteria are very strongly weighted toward founder-market fit as a precursor to product-market fit. The Cherub Fund will promiscuously invest small amounts of money (ranging from $2k - $8k) in an effort to spur entrepreneurial and startup investment activity.</li>
<li>Provide Resources and Raise Awareness: The Awesome Inc Fellowship Program - Working with<a href="http://thinkbluegrass.com/" target="_blank">Bluegrass Business Development Partnership</a> and the <a href="http://www.thinkkentucky.com/" target="_blank">Kentucky Cabinet for Economic Development</a>, Awesome Inc will continue to offer resources to startups such as space, mentorship, networking events, access to technical talent, and more. Many of the resources we intended to offer with the accelerator program will be available to these startups.</li>
<li>Education: <a href="http://awesomeincu.com/" target="_blank">Awesome Inc U</a> - Aspiring entrepreneurs often come to us asking where they can find a technical co-founder. This typically means someone who can build a mobile app or web application software. Realizing that there is a shortage of supply of people with those skills, we&rsquo;ve decided to launch a coding school. The courses we offer are hands-on and are designed to help students quickly acquire relevant technical skills. The result of Awesome Inc U will be more technical talent in the region to better match the needs of the high tech startups.</li>
</ol><h2 id="">How can you help</h2>
<p>Acknowledging the naturally low rate of success for startups, there are currently far too few startups getting started. We need more people (this means you!) to choose the entrepreneurial path and start a company. Dive in by participating in a <a href="http://startupweekend.org/" target="_blank">Startup Weekend</a> or pitching at <a href="http://www.5across.org/" target="_blank">5 Across</a>. If you have an idea but need some new technical skills in order to execute on it, sign up for a course at <a href="http://awesomeincu.com/" target="_blank">Awesome Inc U</a>. If you have already been successful as an entrepreneur, it’s time to share the expertise and network you have built by mentoring a startup. <a href="mailto:founders@awesomeinc.org?subject=Become%20a%20mentor" target="_blank">Contact us</a>, and we’ll add you to our mentor database. If you’ve been really successful, consider<a href="https://angel.co/kentucky" target="_blank">investing some capital in local startups</a>, especially those with a solid team and meaningful customer traction. If you know of a startup that might be a good fit for the Cherub Fund or Awesome Inc Fellowship program, please <a href="mailto:founders@awesomeinc.org?subject=Recommend%20a%20startup%20for%20Cherub%20Fund%20or%20Fellowship" target="_blank">send them our way</a>.</p>
<p>Thanks again for participating in this journey with us. Stay Awesome.</p>
<p>Brian Raney, Luke Murray, Nathan Fort, Nick Such<br/>Co-Founders, Awesome Inc</p>
