---
title: The Importance of Measurement and Accountability in Achieving Goals
date: 2014-07-08 00:00:00 Z
tags:
- goals
- Aweseome Inc
- awesome fellowship
layout: post
---
 
<p><a href="http://www.awesomeinc.org/" target="_blank">Awesome Inc</a> works with high-tech startups to help them grow and mature in many different ways. One of the most important ways this is done is through the <a href="http://fellowship.awesomeinc.org" target="_blank">Awesome Fellowship</a>, which is a mentor-driven program designed to accelerate high tech startups. What is a good way to prepare for a fellowship with Awesome Inc? Start developing good habits now.</p>
<p><span class="Apple-tab-span"> </span>There are two important performance metrics that you need to take into consideration when working towards accomplishing a goal. The first is tracking and measuring your activity.  The second is the end result: did you accomplish your goal?</p>
<p>Google employees use something called an OKR or Objective and Key Results to help identify and accomplish goals. Both employees, managers and even the two founders of Google create an OKR each quarter that allows the participants to set their own goals that they would like to accomplish. This does not necessarily have to apply to your life as an employee, the ideas can be used in many different ways in your life (e.g., lose weight, write a novel or even start your own company). We will look at a very simplified version of this.</p>
<p><span class="Apple-tab-span"> </span>First, you need to start out with SPECIFIC and MEASURABLE goals and then break them down into separate pieces. For example, if you are in sales, “selling more stuff” isn’t going to work. Change that to “increase my sales by 10% over the next quarter” and move from there. So, if you sold 90 widgets each quarter, your new goal would be to sell 9 more over the next 3 months. Break that down to 3 per month, that is less than 1 widget per week. The goals should be challenging, but not so challenging that you give up on them.</p>
<p><span class="Apple-tab-span"> </span>An OKR can be used as a tool to help you identify where you are falling short of your goals and how to make sure that you can move forward and accomplish those goals. If you sold 4  widgets instead of 9 for the quarter, then you only hit 44% of your goal. What did you do to sell 4 more widgets and what did you not do that kept you from selling the remaining 5 to reach your goal? If you know that you made 5 more sales calls per month to reach 44%, then it stands to reason that an additional 6 calls per month would get you to your goal. That’s only 1.5 more sales calls per week. Remember, it is important to break your goals up into manageable pieces so that you don’t feel overwhelmed.</p>
<p><span class="Apple-tab-span"> </span>The OKR needs to be shared with others who can help to hold you accountable for what you are working towards. This is not to be used as a punishment, but to be used as a way to help you understand and reach the goals you have set. If other people hold you accountable, you are more likely to reach the goal you have set, especially if the goals are front and center.</p>
<p><span> </span>Now it is time for you to establish your own OKR with specific and measurable goals that are achievable but a little uncomfortable. Share your goals with others, you will need to evaluate them to learn from what you have accomplished and make the adjustments to your goals for the next quarter. This can help you to better understand your own strengths and weaknesses and to grow as a person. A great sense of accomplishment is experienced when you are able to set a goal, accomplish the goal, and reset for the next set of challenges that awaits.</p>
<p><span>By: Steve Osowicz</span></p>
