---
title: Act First, Plan Later
date: 2015-03-24 00:00:00 Z
layout: post
---
 
<p>by Garrett Ebel (Awesome Inc Director of Daily Activities)</p><p>In most situations, we are taught to plan first and act later.  Building a house?  Better start with some blue prints.  Taking a road trip?  It makes sense to select a destination and the roads you’ll take to get there.  However, when you are starting a new business, planning should follow action.<br/></p><p>Imagine you are sitting in a dark room.  There is no sound.  There are no windows.  The air is scentless.  Now answer one question, “Is it raining outside?”  </p><p>Seems ridiculous, right?  How can you know the weather if you are cooped up in a room with no sound, light, or smell?</p><p>Yet, I am too often confronted with a similar absurdity when I talk to hopeful entrepreneurs.  They hand me a business plan with pro forma financial statements, a ten point marketing strategy, and an appendix for endless charts and graphs.  It’s spiral bound and covered in plastic to protect it from coffee stains.  It’s gorgeous.  But I don’t care about this document, unless of course, the company is selling business plans.  </p><p>Instead I ask one simple question:</p><p>“How many customers have paid you to solve this problem?”</p><p>The standard answer:</p><p>“Well, none yet, but…(insert excuse followed by inflated statistic that supports the value proposition)!”</p><p>ACTION is the only way to prove a business opportunity truly exists.  Without action, a business plan is at best an educated guess and at worst a money pit waiting to swallow you whole, along with any investors naive enough to fund your hypothesis.  Only after you have cash in hand and a line of happy customers high fiving the other, should you begin to plan the next five years of exponential growth for your thriving startup.  </p><p><b>Now go take action and start something awesome!</b><br/></p>
