---
title: What do the Coal Industry, Law Enforcement, and Tech have in common?
date: 2017-08-02 00:00:00 Z
layout: post
---
 
<p><i>They all contribute to the story of the founders of Pasiv Duty.</i><br/></p><p>by Vidyaarthi Pugalenthi</p><p>Blake Caudill began in Landscaping. He worked with his father and brother in the 8th grade and eventually it helped him buy his first truck and pay for college where he was pre-med. Half way through undergrad, Blake began to rethink his decision to pursue medicine. He thought back to owning the landscaping company with his father and brother and wanted to grow in his ability to lead more companies of his own in the future . Blake switched his major to business and found a complementary passion in technology. Out of college, he began his first project called NetReset. His idea was to solve the issues people have with their internet connection and having to reset their router every now and then. <a href="http://www.netreset.com/" target="_blank">NetReset</a> works with your router to reset it every night to improve overall internet connection. Blake now sells 4,000 units a month on Amazon, Sam’s Club, etc.</p><p>Blake and his business partner Jeremy Patches met when they were working IT in the coal industry, developing a product called the Fog Pod that aimed to create a safer system for coal miner. While developing their first tech products for the coal industry, Blake recalls watching news reports about the tension building between civilians and law enforcement. Blake transitioned the technology he was initially developing for coal miners into a system that tracks and notifies the police department when a fire arm is pulled from the holster of one of its officers. </p><p>Why exactly would this be the moment that is reported back to the station? It creates accountability. Blake spoke with the head of the Lexington police department who told him, “All I really care about is when that firearm is pulled. That’s when backup needs to be sent and someone needs to be held accountable if an incident were to occur.” </p><p>They officially named the product, <a href="http://www.pasivduty.com/" target="_blank">Pasiv Duty</a>. It would notify the Police department when a firearm is pulled and send the location of the officer so that backup can come to the scene.</p><blockquote><p><b>“All I really care about is when that firearm is pulled,” - Lexington Police Department</b></p></blockquote><p>That was Blake’s “aha” moment. Now the product is being tested in several police departments in multiple Kentucky counties today. Blake has seen success with many of his products in his career, so we decided to ask him what he would like to say to young entrepreneurs. </p><p>“The key is that you have to build value for the customer first, then for your employees and your team, and then for society. You should always take the time to understand your criticism because your product is never perfect and you should do your best to spot where it can be improved.” He also goes on to explain that the product will never be perfect. There has to be a point where you just carry on because you can afford to wait until it’s perfect. </p><blockquote><p><b>“The product will never be perfect. There has to be a point where you just carry on because you can afford to wait until it’s perfect.”</b></p></blockquote><p>In Blake’s free time he enjoys researching the newest trends in technology. His favorite podcasts include RadioLab and Freakonomics. He lives with his wife Elizabeth and two dogs, Cali and Nappa.</p>
