---
title: How to sell your product in 10 words & 30 seconds
date: 2017-10-08 00:00:00 Z
tags:
- awesome inc
- marketing
- eddie woodruff
layout: post
---
 
<p>With nearly three decades of marketing experience under his belt, Eddie Woodruff knows a thing or two about compelling advertising.  He received his communications degree from Western Kentucky University and went on to create his own ad agency from 1985 to 1999. Seeking a new challenge, his hard work led him to join Forcht Bank in 2007 as their Chief Marketing and Communications Officer and eventually became a board director in 2014.<br/></p><p>The Forcht Group is a conglomerate of companies that includes retail, broadcasting and banking.  Based out of Corbin and Lexington, Kentucky, the multi-million dollar group has brought over 2,000 jobs to south and central Kentucky, all while effectively marketing their message.</p><p>Community banking has always been a vital part of any community, helping local businesses thrive, providing great customer service and being more economically sound.  As opposed to bigger banks, community banks have one goal in mind— to help the little guy.  That’s why Forcht Bank is such a staple in Kentucky, but none of that can be done without efficient local advertising. At Awesome Inc, Woodruff will highlight his vital strategies needed for any company seeking successful marketing schemes: product, pricing, sales, message, creative, channel and budget.</p><p>A business’ product and channel strategies should be able to establish what the product is, offer a unique selling proposition and seek the best way to advertise that product.  Although there are other forms of channeling your product, such as PR and traditional media, social media has made advertising easier than ever before.   </p><p>Regardless of your marketing channel, an effective advertisement should be able to offer a product in 10 words and 30 seconds. No matter what phase your business is at, Woodruff says online advertisements have made this job easier. </p><p>“[You’re] better able to target people most likely to purchase than through traditional media,” Woodruff says.</p><p>Through sales strategies, you need to establish who your audience is.  In Woodruff’s case, his broad audience would be adults or local business owners in Kentucky.  This ties into your message and creative strategies.</p><p>

With decades of running his own business and being a part of one of Kentucky’s largest companies, Eddie Woodruff is the marketing expert young businesses need to thrive.  Join us at Awesome Inc on October 11th from 12 to 1:30 p.m.  Reservations are free, but seating is limited <a href="https://www.eventbrite.com/e/marketing-and-sales-strategies-for-startups-lunch-learn-tickets-37044200200?aff=efbeventtix" target="_blank">so be sure to RSVP as soon as possible</a>. Lunch and refreshments will be served. </p>
