---
title: 5 Across February 2017 Recap
date: 2017-02-24 00:00:00 Z
layout: post
---
 
<p>The sound had been checked, the projectors warmed, and the name tags printed. The stage was officially set for the 2017 kickoff to the 5across pitch competition hosted by Awesome Inc. This was my first time experiencing what seemed like a now legendary event. I had only heard rumors of what to expect, and now I finally had the opportunity to experience the event for myself.<br/><br/></p><p>Anticipation weighed heavily in the air, the unmistakable smell of entrepreneurship filled the room. The stakes were suddenly real; it was winner take all. By the end of the night, another 5across champion would be crowned.</p><p>The first of the competitors was Think Hempy Thoughts, a group focusing on propelling the local hemp market into a sustainable and profitable business model. The next presenter hailed from Aqui, a group who’s currently developing an incentivized attendance software to provided high school students a new sense of motivation to be present in class. <br/></p><p>Although the first two pitches set the bar high, the next half of challengers would prove to be worthy opponents. Bluegrass Robotics, LLC set their sights on the technology of the future, using their expertise to design and engineer a new way for military vehicles to perform when driving across extreme terrain conditions. <br/><br/></p><p>Welcome Home, the next of the 5across chosen ones, brought an international flair to the event when they introduced their software to facilitate a safe and reliable way for international students and travelers to communicate with landlords before they arrive in the states. <br/><br/>To cap off the night, Modern Testament presented their entrepreneurial model for offering a social networking platform for Christian youth to connect and share motivational testimony with others in their spiritual community. <br/><br/></p><p>Once the last of the 5across challengers had concluded their pitch, the judges left the room to deliberate a winner. The night had proven to be an exciting experience. The 2017 kickoff to 5across lived up to the legend, filled with big ideas, supportive energy, and an unbelievable entrepreneurial spirit. The decision to crown a victor would not be an easy one to make.<br/><br/></p><p>After heated deliberation, the judges returned to present Welcome Home the next 5across champion, the first of the 2017 winners, but certainly not the last. The 5across legend is to continue April, 26th. </p>
